hi my name is ulyana or led and
today it's time to do what we
waited so long to talk it in Ukraine
know your rebellious veronica mouth or
film insurgent i hope that i am now
since in some kind of fox because
that the camera today you are naughty but i
just for a second did
a small pause to again this fact
already March 20
how did March 20 come so fast
just yesterday I thought about what
example insurgent three more weeks and these
three weeks flew literally as a couple
hours brew on what I tell you
today about in insurgency i will also share
Opinion departed in other films which
looked recently
This Cinderella is a New Cinderella Adaptation Movie
and also about the movie the beautiful creature
who recommended me to one of
my last videos if u properties
video selling vampire academy and city
bones
the first living thing of course I will start it
veronica mouth and insurgent immediately tell
that film caused me pretty mixed
feelings still after watching the first
teaser trailer of and just coaches i
understood that the film will not appear at all
what I thought he would be if
it can be so generally said because
there were so many such super duper
fabulous parts with litany everyones
glasses with suspended tris and so on
when i was reading a book i was submitting it
the film version is completely different
First of all, the film insurgent became towels
and robert's work to me some very
like he shot one of my most
favorite movies and flight videos and beyond
this share worked on the adaptation
comic book over the film of the year 2013
out of the tap argument or ghostly
patrol there is a seam in Russian
was called a very funny movie without looking
on the fact that he is quite low
ratings of what's on film search what is on their
money and he teased very much
excellent time in the cinema when
watched it if we talk about the incident
I really enjoyed it
all these effects, I still decided
watched a movie in 3d who say what
the film is extremely free
interpretations of the book and in some way
my like this because I love
when the director has his some
a clear look at the events of the book and he
somehow interprets them differently
rather than the author seems to me it is pretty
It is interesting to compare as with the first part
I perceived the book adaptation
apart from the books themselves did not hold
some bright and clear parallels
the most vivid impressions for
me from this movie have become just the same
these effects and acting all these
experiences that portrayed for yourself
Shailene Woodley seemed to me, in principle,
quite adequately executed
the only thing I really don't like
This hairstyle in this film was only
one moment when really
liked the short hair on the keys
in one of the worst moments for
hairstyles width became the moment when
almost the end of the film she is lying in
bed and talking to calla you and
my goodness how even linguud will start shaking
says she destroyed the whole faction
my mind immediately thought of and all
hairdressers
I also liked it in some way
acting game and evil albert in this
case, he straight all of himself so super
the sufferer was also the absolute favorite in
whole movie became miles teller
his sarcastic this which is like in a book
I really like the fact that he was
sarcastic so in the movie this one is fine
it was sarcastically transmitted that moment
Peter we see extremely rarely as and Kate
winslet
their acting robbery and liked hit
I'm so super harsh apparently so far
can not forgive myself drowned
Leonardo DiCaprio
I also liked the movie appearance
naomi watts I think she's great
looks in the role that she
but performed by this pirated and
strange costumes surprised me in some places
If we talk in general and a movie
but it seems to me it turned out peculiar
credit action if at all possible
say because he's not as good as
first film but sometimes even
better than the first movie I thought
really looking forward to these next two terrible
parts of which will have to wait two more
years because I am for those who ask
I say favor I hope that they will not change
the ending i don't
I see sense to change the ending because
I think she was in some way
logical and very unusual for styles and
genres in general on the blade if you already
looked and for this shared with
me your opinion in the comments
write will you go to this movie
do you want to watch the following movies
watched this series in general or read it
and what is your opinion just let's not
spoilers friends in the comments well i
while moving on to the next cartoon
who wanted to talk in this movie
the next movie I would like
mention this new screen version of Cinderella
absolutely chic fabulous movie film
which I recommend you see what
you just fill yourself good
I really liked the mood
the adaptation is pretty funny picked up
the actors
stunning yourself in the landscape and here are the places
where they filmed
if anything, I was very surprised that
they live prince and king practically in
Dresden art gallery corrected
their creator reminded me so much of it
it was fun to live and and perhaps one of
those things radicals really worth
go to this movie this costumes
Cinderella These Layered Puffy Skirts Me
I immediately wanted to participate
some kind of costume ball or
so black where i could too something
so wearing it seems to me very
interesting and I honestly had neither
the slightest notion of a fairy tale in tea editorial
will be filmed and I am very
I liked the fact that it is all the same to the people
brothers make-up their sheer finger
clutch of the Cinderella sisters because it
it would be absolutely not pleasant and
suitable rotation case and
otherwise I recommend everyone to go to Cinderella
now let's talk about the beautiful
making beautiful movie making
which came out and if I 'm not mistaken 2013
year in the fact that I remember exactly that I am very
I wanted to go to him, but sometimes it was
vietnam and he is somehow literally riding
we went to the cinema then
beautiful creations this is that movie
which again immerses us in the little
town in a small town all man
some strange hermit has a boyfriend
and to the school where this guy is studying
girl comes if I'm not mistaken
this old man's collar niece and
all sorts of magical events take place
because the case
usually not the easiest for me
I liked that wine honestly here
interesting shot in the spirit just the same
vampire academy camera work
I think it was done all sorts of knitting needles
fixes are interesting cast and on
my mind is quite an intriguing end i
books of komi garcia follow you not read
ram if you read this newspaper series
write me in the comments what the water and
Do you think it's worth it now?
jumps on this long-gone train
kobi garcia and yes i hope you
answer these questions but for today
this is all my confused movie review
which I looked lately
finally ended and I really hope
that you are anything from what I am today
mentioned look at today that's all
but do not forget about all the useful links
which you can find below in the description
About group VKontakte and yes this all
See you soon on my channel
forget that this will happen already
next week